DREAM TECH
Dream Tech is a technology training program designed specifically for men and women
impacted by the criminal justice system. It is a three course program which includes
Introduction to Computers, Microsoft Windows Operating System and Microsoft Office
Online. Training is provided to reintegrate the formerly incarcerated population with
technology by bridging the gap created by the advancement of technology.
DREAM HOUSE
Dream House is a safe housing space initiative of Dream Deferred Inc. for
formerly incarcerated women and girls located in Brooklyn, NY lead by
Chastity Michel. Dream House is a holistic home environment designed to
empower and build community for women returning home from State and
Federal incarceration. Through trauma informed care we provide women with
tools and resources aimed to promote healing from the inside out.
WORKSHOPS
Job Preparation
Job training skills workshops prepare participants to get and keep employment. Typical
workshops enable participants to gain new skills and knowledge through lectures,
hands-on activities and role-playing exercises.
Conflict Resolution
The Conflict Resolution Workshop provides an easy-to-use, easy-to-remember
eight-step system to reliably prevent, manage, and resolve personal and professional
conflicts.
Conflict Resolution in the Workplace
Conflict Resolution dealing with difficult people
Financial Literacy
Financial literacy workshop focuses on the ability to manage personal finance matters
efficiently, and it includes the knowledge of making appropriate decisions about
personal finance, such as investing, insurance, real estate, paying for college,
budgeting, retirement, and tax planning.
Emerge
Emerge is our life skill tool box that provide participants with a variety of specifically
designed workshops and courses, including certification opportunities. Emerge was
constructed with an understanding of the unique barriers faced by the formerly
incarcerated community that hinder and stagnate their transition upon their release and
beyond.
Heal Her
Heal Her Health and Justice Initiative helps disenfranchised and marginalized women
and girls by dismantling the walls created by mental trauma and incarceration.
Heal Her brings awareness to the mental and emotional trauma that exist within this
population but more importantly, provide tools, information and shared resources that
are available for formerly incarcerated women and their families.